Deep text matching approaches have been widely studied for many applications including question answering and information retrieval systems. To deal with a domain that has insufficient labeled data, these approaches can be used in a Transfer Learning (TL) setting to leverage labeled data from a resource-rich source domain. We present a novel method and prototype system to help users make sense of and reorganize large amounts of heterogeneous information. Our work is grounded in theories of categorization from cognitive psychology and is designed for ad hoc sensemaking; that is, supporting people's shifting goals and flexible mental representations of. In this paper, the participants of the panel at the 7th ACM SIGMM International Workshop on Multimedia Information Retrieval answer questions about what multimedia is, how MIR is different from other kinds of retrieval, the most important technical challenges in MIR, killer applications, opportunities, and future directions.Simple word matching between the user query and document is common, as are mis-matches of meaning that occur as a consequence, and errors in recall. These defects in the "bag of words" model are well known, and raising the semantic level of representation will improve retrieval.Knowledge graphs have been used throughout the history of information retrieval for a variety of tasks. Technological advances in knowledge acquisition and alignment technology from the last few years gave rise to a body of new approaches for utilizing knowledge graphs in text retrieval tasks. IQuery-based sampling is a method of discovering the contents of a text database by submitting queries to a search engine and observing the documents returned. In prior research sampled documents were used to build resource descriptions for automatic database selection, and to build a centralized sample database for query expansion. Despite technological advances, algorithmic search systems still have difficulty with complex or subtle information needs. For example, scenarios requiring deep semantic interpretation are a challenge for computers. People, on the other hand, are well suited to solving such problems. Statistical language models have been proposed recently for several information retrieval tasks, including the resource selection task in distributed information retrieval. This paper extends the language modeling approach to integrate resource selection, ad-hoc searching, and merging of results from different text databases into a single probabilistic retrieval model. We present an approach to hybrid semantic Web service matching that complements logic based reasoning with approximate matching based on syntactic IR based similarity computations. The hybrid matchmaker, called OWLS-MX, applies this approach to services and requests specified in OWL-S. Experimental results of measuring performance and scalability of different variants. One of the most critical components of a question-answering system is the identification of the type, or semantic class, of the answer sought. Systems today use widely-varying numbers of such classes, but all must map the question to one or more classes in their repertoire. CMU.