Traditional search engines are unable to support a large number of potential queries issued by users, for instance, queries containing non-textual fragments such as images or videos, queries that are very long, ambiguous, or those that require subjective judgment, or semantically-rich queries over non-textual corpora. Faced with growing class sizes and the dawn of the MOOC, educators are in need of tools to help them cope with the growing number of questions asked in large classes since manually answering all the questions in a timely manner is infeasible. This poster reports upon the ongoing efforts being made to establish TREC-like and other comprehensive evaluation paradigms within the Music IR (MIR) and Music Digital Library (MDL) research communities. The proposed research tasks are based upon expert opinion garnered from members of the Information Retrieval (IR), MDL and MIR communities. The recent years have seen a tremendous growth in research and developments in science and technology, and an emphasis in obtaining Intellectual Property (IP) protection for one's innovations. Information pertaining to IP for science and technology is siloed into many diverse sources and consists of laws, regulations, patents, court litigations. The Cranfield evaluation method has some disadvantages, including its high cost in labor and inadequacy for evaluating interactive retrieval techniques. As a very promising alternative, automatic comparison of retrieval systems based on observed clicking behavior of users has recently been studied. Aging populations have a huge demand of searching health information online. However, for their relatively worse physical ability and cognitive ability, normal searching interface may not be able to fulfill aging people's special demands.We present LinkSO, a dataset for learning to rank similar questions on Stack Overflow. Stack Overflow contains a massive amount of crowd-sourced question links of high quality, which provides a great opportunity for evaluating retrieval algorithms for community-based question answer (cQA) archives and for learning to rank such archives. We study a novel information retrieval problem, where the query is a time series for a given time period, and the retrieval task is to find relevant documents in a text collection of the same time period, which contain topics that are correlated with the query time series. In this article, we define the time-indexing problem as the in-network storage and querying of sensor network data based solely on the time attribute. We argue qualitatively why existing storage schemes may be insufficient as solutions. We then present, analyze, and evaluate novel and lightweight solutions to both the storage. Pseudo feedback is a commonly used technique to improve information retrieval performance. It assumes a few top-ranked documents to be relevant, and learns from them to improve the retrieval accuracy. A serious problem is that the performance is often very sensitive to the number of pseudo feedback documents. In this paper we introduce a new Web mining and search technique - Topic Initiator Detection (TID) on the Web. Given a topic query on the Internet and the resulting collection of time-stamped web documents which contain the query keywords, the task of TID is to automatically return which web.	University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.