Traditional search engines are unable to support a large number of potential queries issued by users, for instance, queries containing non-textual fragments such as images or videos, queries that are very long, ambiguous, or those that require subjective judgment, or semantically-rich queries over non-textual corpora. We demonstrate DataSift, a crowd-powered. The recent years have seen a tremendous growth in research and developments in science and technology, and an emphasis in obtaining Intellectual Property (IP) protection for one's innovations. Information pertaining to IP for science and technology is siloed into many diverse sources and consists of laws, regulations, patents, court. This paper describes a research project on people's subjective models of the World Wide Web, and the strategies they commonly use to retrieve Web information. Initial results suggest that Web use may be far more flexible and adaptive than most HCI workers realize. These findings directly inform Web navigation and. While there are many ways to develop search expertise, I maintain that most members of the general public do so in an inefficient manner. One reason is that, with current tools, is difficult to observe experts as a means of acquiring search expertise in a scalable fashion. In this paper, we address the problem of difficult queries by using a novel strategy of collaborative query construction where the search engine would actively engage users in an iterative process to continuously revise a query. The past few years have seen an explosive growth in scientific and regulatory documents related to the patent system. Relevant information is siloed into many heterogeneous and distributed information sources making it very challenging to retrieve information across multiple domains.The past few years have experienced an explosive growth in scientific and regulatory documents related to the patent system. Relevant information is siloed into many heterogeneous information domains making it a challenging task to gather information. In this paper, we develop an ontology to standardize the representation of the patent. We present a method for automatically extracting from a running system an indexable signature that distills the essential characteristic from a system state and that can be subjected to automated clustering and similarity-based retrieval to identify when an observed system state is similar to a previously-observed state. This allows operator. The dramatic growth of the Internet has created a new problem for users: location of the relevant sources of documents. This article presents a framework for (and experimentally analyzes a solution to) this problem, which we call the text-source discovery problem . Our approach consists of two phases. In the face of small, one or two word queries, high volumes of diverse documents on the Web are overwhelming search and ranking technologies that are based on document similarity measures. The increase of multimedia data within documents sharply exacerbates the shortcomings of these approaches. Stanford.