The Web has accumulated a rich source of information, such as text, image, rating, etc, which represent different aspects of user preferences. However, the heterogeneous nature of this information makes it difficult for recommender systems to leverage in a unified framework to boost the performance. Recently, the rapid development of. Relevance estimation is among the most important tasks in the ranking of search results. Current methodologies mainly concentrate on text matching, link analysis, and user behavior models. However, users judge the relevance of search results directly from Search Engine Result Pages (SERPs), which provide valuable signals for reranking. Conversational search and recommendation based on user-system dialogs exhibit major differences from conventional search and recommendation tasks in that 1) the user and system can interact for multiple semantically coherent rounds on a task through natural language dialog, and 2) it becomes possible for the system to understand the user . Relevance estimation is among the most important tasks in the ranking of search results because most search engines follow the Probability Ranking Principle. Current relevance estimation methodologies mainly concentrate on text matching between the query and Web documents, link analysis and user behavior models. However, users judge the relevance of. Ranking is a very important topic in information retrieval. While algorithms for learning ranking models have been intensively studied, this is not the case for feature selection, despite of its importance. The reality is that many feature selection methods used in classification are directly applied to ranking. Due to the tremendous economic value of search result pages, search engine companies have invested a lot to improve their quality. Recently, much effort has been made to directly model key aspects of users' interactions with search system, for example, Benefit and Cost . Time has been widely adopted in. Time plays an essential role in multiple areas of Information Retrieval (IR) studies such as search evaluation, user behavior analysis, temporal search result ranking and query understanding. Especially, in search evaluation studies, time is usually adopted as a measure to quantify users' efforts in search processes. Psychological studies have reported. This paper presents the SELC Model ( SE lf-Supervised, ( L exicon-based and ( C orpus-based Model) for sentiment classification. The SELC Model includes two phases. The first phase is a lexicon-based iterative process. In this phase, some reviews are initially classified based on a sentiment dictionary.Collaborative filtering (CF) recommenders based on User-Item rating matrix as explicitly obtained from end users have recently appeared promising in recommender systems. However, User-Item rating matrix is not always available or very sparse in some web applications, which has critical impact to the application of CF recommenders.Recently, cross-modal deep hashing has received broad attention for solving cross-modal retrieval problems efficiently. Most cross-modal hashing methods generate $O(n^2)$ data pairs and $O(n^3)$ data triplets for training, but the training procedure is less efficient because the complexity is high for large-scale dataset. In this paper, we propose a novel. Group recommendation has attracted significant research efforts for its importance in benefiting a group of users. This paper investigates the Group Recommendation problem from a novel aspect, which tries to maximize the satisfaction of each group member while minimizing the unfairness between them. In this work, we present several semantics.Job information retrieval (IR) exhibits unique characteristics compared to common IR task. First, searching precision on job posting full text is low because job descriptions cannot be properly used in common IR methods. Second, job names semantically similar to the one mentioned in the searching query cannot be detected by. Tsinghua University
 