Commodity information such as prices and public reviews is always the concern of consumers. Helping them conveniently acquire these information as an instant reference is often of practical significance for their purchase activities. Nowadays, Web 2.0, linked data clouds, and the pervasiveness of smart hand held devices have created opportunities. A basic form of semantic annotation is to label a word in a document with its correct sense based on the context in which the word occurs, thus providing the disambiguated sense of the word. Performing this task automatically is known as word sense disambiguation, which has been extensively studied. Mobile devices equipped with positioning capabilities (e.g., GPS) can ask location-dependent queries to Location Based Services ( LBS ). To protect privacy, the user location must not be disclosed. Existing solutions utilize a trusted anonymizer between the users and the LBS. This approach has several drawbacks: ( i ) Al. Detecting duplicate bug reports helps reduce triaging efforts and save time for developers in fixing the same issues. Among several automated detection approaches, text-based information retrieval (IR) approaches have been shown to outperform others in term of both accuracy and time efficiency. However, those IR-based approaches do not detect well. We examine the effect of modeling a researcher's past works in recommending scholarly papers to the researcher. Our hypothesis is that an author's published works constitute a clean signal of the latent interests of a researcher. A key part of our model is to enhance the profile derived directly from. This paper presents TMSE: a novel Tempo-sensitive Music Search Engine with multimodal inputs for wellness and therapeutic applications. TMSE integrates six different interaction modes, Query-by-Number, Query-by-Sliding, Query-by-Example, Query-by-Tapping, Query-by-Clapping, and Query-by-Walking, into one single interface for narrowing the intention gap when a user searches for music by tempo. Our preliminary. Continuing advances in data storage and communication technologies have led to an explosive growth in digital music collections. To cope with their increasing scale, we need effective Music Information Retrieval (MIR) capabilities like tagging, concept search and clustering. Integral to MIR is a framework for modelling music documents and generating. Locating the program element(s) relevant to a particular feature is an important step in efficient maintenance of a software system. The existing feature location techniques analyze each feature independently and perform a one-time analysis after being provided an initial input. As a result, these techniques are sensitive to the quality. he large scale of scholarly publications poses a challenge for scholars in information-seeking and sensemaking. Bibliometric, information retrieval~(IR), text mining and NLP techniques could help in these activities, but are not yet widely used in digital libraries. This workshop is intended to stimulate IR researchers and digital library professionals to. To help generate relevant suggestions for researchers, recommendation systems have started to leverage the latent interests in the publication profiles of the researchers themselves. While using such a publication citation network has been shown to enhance performance, the network is often sparse, making recommendation difficult. To alleviate this sparsity, we .erendipity occurs when one finds an interesting discovery while searching for something else. While search engines seek to report work relevant to a targeted query, recommendation engines are particularly well-suited for serendipitous recommendations as such processes do not need to fulfill a targeted query. Junior researchers can use such an .The large scale of scholarly publications poses a challenge for scholars in information seeking and sensemaking. Information retrieval~(IR), bibliometric and natural language processing (NLP) techniques could enhance scholarly search, retrieval and user experience but are not yet widely used. To this purpose, we propose the third iteration of the Joint ...The large scale of scholarly publications poses a challenge for scholars in information seeking and sensemaking. Bibliometrics, information retrieval (IR), text mining and NLP techniques could help in these search and look-up activities, but are not yet widely used. This workshop is intended to stimulate IR researchers and digital library. The deluge of scholarly publication poses a challenge for scholars find relevant research and policy makers to seek in-depth information and understand research impact. Information retrieval (IR), natural language processing (NLP) and bibliometrics could enhance scholarly search, retrieval and user experience, but their use in digital libraries is not widespread. National University of Singapore.